Claims:
The invention claimed is:

1. An addressing circuit for a memory core, comprising: a generator to store a previous address and receive a current address, the the generator to provide a number of pulses corresponding to a difference between the current address and the previous address; and a series of decoders to provide wordlines to a memory core, wherein outputs of the series of decoders activate wordlines in sequence according to the number of pulses.

2. The addressing circuit of claim 1 wherein the series of decoders receive a stream of pulses from the generator and a wordline signal to gate the generation of the wordlines.

3. The addressing circuit of claim 1 wherein the series of decoders are connected to form a shift register.

4. The addressing circuit of claim 1 wherein the series of decoders receive a reset signal.

5. The addressing circuit of claim 1 wherein the generator includes a statemachine to store the previous address, receive the current address and generate the number of pulses.

6. An addressing circuit for a memory core comprising: multiple array decoders to shift a logic one through a field of logic zeros wherein outputs of the multiple array decoders are coupled to the memory core; and a pulse generator coupled to receive a present address and control clock pulses to the multiple array decoders.

7. The addressing circuit of claim 6 wherein the pulse generator compares a previous address to the present address, then generates an appropriate number of the clock pulses to increment the previous address to the present address.

8. The addressing circuit of claim 6 wherein the pulse generator compares a previous address to the present address to determine a difference value and provide the clock pulses in accordance with the difference value.

9. The addressing circuit of claim 6 wherein the pulse generator monitors the clock pulses received by the multiple array decoders and limits the clock pulses to correspond to a difference value between the previous address and the present address.

10. The addressing circuit of claim 6 wherein the outputs of the multiple array decoders are coupled to wordlines of the memory core.

11. The addressing circuit of claim 6 wherein the outputs of the multiple array decoders are coupled to column select lines of the memory core.

12. A wireless system, comprising: first and second antennas; a transceiver coupled to the first and second antennas; and a processor coupled to the transceiver, wherein the processor includes, a memory, multiple decoders coupled to the memory to provide access to data within the memory, the multiple decoders arranged as a shift register, and a generator to store a previous address and receive a current address and provide a number of pulses corresponding to a difference between the current address and the previous address to clock the shift register.

13. The wireless system of claim 12, wherein outputs of the multiple decoders are coupled to wordlines of the memory.

14. The wireless system of claim 12, wherein outputs of the multiple decoders are coupled to column select lines of the memory.

15. The wireless system of claim 12, wherein the memory is accessed using sequential addressing.

16. A method comprising: receiving a current address in a memory providing clock pulses to a shift register that is reset during a power-on reset, wherein the clock pulses are limited by a difference in number of addresses from the current address to a previous address; using the clock pulses to shift a logic one in a field of zeros in the shift register; and using outputs of the shift register to drive wordlines and access data in the memory.

17. The method of claim 16, further comprising: using outputs of the shift register to drive column select lines of the memory.

18. The method of claim 16 further including: using sequential addressing to access the memory.
